good
good morning, what are we going to do today?
to be how to reset or format a
Galaxy galaxy sauce
the first step that we have to do is
turn off the phone
we pay it
what we are going to do here is going to be
simply enter the bios to enter
to the plane what we have to do is
press the off button
the volume button and up and the
main button that is this at the same
weather
until the screen turns on is
tedious the screen is released all
together and then enter the bios
As you are going to see, there are going to be several
options which is going to be the first
bounce system to play off
that's from is that leave and we use
us that is the third the 15
factory really
to lower that she will use the
volume buttons
and let's select it with the button
decimal
here come several options where they go to
are going to come users depends on
how many users are going to be the ones
they're going to come out here like this one
have one let's go to where it says yes
from et al
user that means delete all all
the users
we give him accept and rebound masters the
system
we wait for it to restart
we wait for it to restart as if like
the system has been prescribed
so that if we are not seeing now a
little more than usual
As you can see, the system has been restarted
and the welcome of the system is said
android
what do you want the android to
start what we play
simple you have to create again what
is the google account if you already have the
edition of the
if you already have a google account start
session or you want to install one more account
late in this case I will give you what
is to login
we give you what is the username
good as this city has no balance no
I can log in so the water is already
omitted
Here come several options the following
following
and the cell phone and it has been reviewed
for my part it would be all for today I hope
serve them